– [ ] 1. CIRCLE: A weak supplicant does Brother Crow little good, young crow.
Therefore, you must reach the thirtieth circle of experience.
- [ ] 2. PREPARATION: To be easy prey for the enemies of Brother Crow is a
daft error. To help counter whatever attempts may be made on your life,
you must have a vial each of healing, mana, bromide, mending, liniment,
and antidote. Obtain 10 pennyroyal, 10 myrtle and 10 coltsfoot, three
pipes and a tinderbox. As soon as you have the funds, it is recommended
that you obtain all curatives listed in HELP CURELIST, as well as
consider some enchantments from CHELP ENCHANTMENTS.
- [ ] 3. COMMUNE POLITICS: Name the Dark Regent of Glomdoring, as well as the
members of the Shadow Court, including which guilds or families they
preside over. As well as this, name the villages that Glomdoring holds
political influence over. Know which organisations Glomdoring claims as
allies, and those we are at war with.
- [ ] 4. POWER: Read and understand CHELP POWER. Ask an aide to the Power
Ministry to be unblocked from the Nexus. Read through CHELP POWERQUESTS
and describe three ways of adding power to our Nexus.
[ ] 5. LAW AND CONDUCT: Read and understand GHELP LAWS and GHELP TITLES,
as well as CHELP LAWS. Ignorance is no excuse.
[ ] 6a. CARVING: The trees of Glomdoring are sacred and it falls to the
druids of the Blacktalon to ensure that they are tended to. Read through
GHELP TREES and understand the life cycle of our totems. Obtain a
powerstone and, if possible, use it to carve an elder ravenwood before
your proctor.
6b. GUARDING: The trees of Glomdoring are sacred and while the
Wyrdenwood are not able to carve the totems, ensuring their brethren are
safe, they are able to guard them from harm. Read through GHELP TREES
and understand the life cycle of our totems. If you are able, grow the
Wyrden bark upon your trunk and use it to guard an elder tree for your
proctor. From this point on, you should watch for reverted totems and
guard them for those who can carve.
7. ASPECTS: A druid may be strong, but he is of little worth if he does
not know and live the teachings of Brother Crow. Speak with a Servant,
Attendant, or a member of the Chosen, leading them to the Dark Nest and
receiving knowledge of the Aspects of glorious Crow. Read through GHELP
DOCET.
